Previously on Sheriff Country...
CASSIDY:
All of these women went missing
within a few days
of the Blood Moon Festival.
MICKEY:
This is your sister.
CASSIDY:
I think whoever killed Jessica Winters
took my sister Zoey.
I think this town has
a serial killer on the loose.
The Blood Moon Festival
is his hunting ground.
CASSIDY:
Put eyes on Van Wainwright.
MICKEY:
His lawyer's on the way.
You go home.
I need you fresh for tomorrow.
Hey. Mom. I'll come by the house
at 8:00 for breakfast.
I love you.
(Taser crackling)
♪ ♪
(dog barking in distance)
(lock clicks)
Cassidy Campbell?
I'm Deputy Fox.
I know someone called.
but I'm fine.
I have to come in.
It's standard protocol
for domestic disturbances.
I was just cleaning up.
MICKEY:
I'm from Deadwater.
I thought all plates
came with cracks
till I was seven.
You're from Deadwater?
Don't let the getup fool you.
Is he still here?
He left.
Um. and I'm fine.
Uh. I'm sorry you had
to come out here. Deputy.
Mickey.
I got nowhere else I got to be.
Really. it's nothing.
I overreacted.
Is that what he tells you?
I. uh...
I don't know.
I don't know anymore. I just...
I keep thinking that
I'm forgetting something.
but I can't remember.
I'm so tired.
and he won't let me sleep.
I just can't think. I...
Hey. hey. hey. Cassidy.
it's okay.
Just breathe with me. okay?
In for four. out for four.
(inhaling deeply)
(exhales)
There you go. Just breathe.
- Okay. sit down.
- Okay.
You're not overreacting.
He's lying to you.
He's losing control.
and he's scared.
He doesn't want you to know
how strong you are.
I'm pathetic.
What kind of person
lets somebody do this to them?
Hey.
I know how hard it was
for you to ask for help.
but you did it. you called.
There's a women's shelter.
It's open 24 hours...
No. I can't. I'm sorry.
I'm not ready.
I'm-I'm sorry you had to
- waste your time. Deputy.
- Hey.
I have a two-apology limit.
and you're pushing it.
Don't make me detain you.
(laughs)
What's the name of the street
that you lived on growing up?
What street? I don't know.
Canary Road. Why?
This is my cell.
Anything happens. you call me.
day or night.
If you're in danger.
if you can't speak freely.
you say "canary."
I'll know it's you.
and I will come find you.
Cassidy.
BOONE: We know at least
two of the missing girls
knew Van Wainwright
before they vanished.
Yeah. it's circumstantial.
but...
Boone. there are receipts.
- plane tickets.
- Yeah. yeah.
photos of him in Berlin.
Marseille.
If he wasn't even in the country
when three of the women
went missing.
he can't be
the Blood Moon Killer.
So. back at square one.
Anybody seen Cassidy?
I sent her home.
- What's up?
- Her mom is here.
- Laurie?
- Mm-hmm.
- Why?
- I don't know.
I ducked out
the moment I saw her.
She seems...
like she always seems.
Woman's got one gear.
Worked up.
MICKEY: It's okay. Laurie. I'm here.
What's going on?
I woke up to a voicemail
from Cassidy.
It was so strange.
I tried calling her.
got nothing.
I went over there. nothing.
I'm telling you. Mickey.
- I got a bad feeling.
- MICKEY: It's okay. Laurie.
It's okay.
Can you play us the message?
CASSIDY:
Hey. Mom.
- It's me. I know it's late.
- (distant buzzing)
but I need to tell you
something.
I'll come by the house at 8:00
for breakfast.
just like we used to.
(sighs) I love you.
- (Taser crackling)
- (gasps) (thud)
(weakly): Canary.
(recording stops)
LAURIE (muffled):
You see what I mean?
What's canary. Mickey?
Where's Cassidy?
(clearly):
Mickey. where's Cassidy?
MICKEY:
Um. I don't know.
She's...
hasn't come in yet today.
LAURIE:
Something's happened.
- I know it's something bad.
- We don't know that yet. Laurie.
Don't lie to me.
She only became a cop
because of you.
BOONE:
Let us get into it. Ms. Campbell.
and-and we'll call you as soon
as we know anything.
Okay.
That message...
that message was for me.
What do you mean? That-that
voicemail was for her mom.
Canary. It's a distress call.
We have to find her.
Cassidy!
She actually turned
that heap of parts into a car.
BOONE:
Boss. cruiser looks untouched.
Doors are locked.
Are we sure this
is where Cassidy was
- when it happened?
- HANK: When what happened?
All we have
is one weird voicemail
and Laurie freaking out.
as usual.
Shh!
(distant buzzing)
What's that clicking sound?
(neon lights buzzing)
Liquor store's neon sign
is on the fritz.
That sound is in the voicemail.
We're in the right place.
This is where Cassidy was
last night.
All right. Hank.
talk to the store owner.
See if he caught anything
on camera.
Yes. boss.
Okay.
So. from the message.
we know that Cassidy
got out of the car.
closed the door.
She walks towards the house.
There's this. uh. sound.
crackling sound.
Like a. almost like a...
Taser. Taser.
Yes.
And then there's a thud.
Like she fell and hit her head.
No blood in the driveway.
no blood here.
What about. uh...
Boone.
Call Dispatch now.
We need a crime scene unit here.
- Is that blood?
- I need Forensics at...
Oh. my God. he took her.
- Did you get the video?
- The Blood Moon Killer...
he must've realized Cassidy
was onto him...
Hank. did you get the video?
The owner wouldn't
give it to me.
He said not without a warrant.
Let's go.
Did I stutter?
I said no warrant. no video.
BOONE:
Hi there. Roy.
I don't know if Deputy Iglesias
made himself clear.
Your video could save
a deputy's life.
That's not my problem.
What is your problem. Roy?
My problem?
Nine months you guys
shut me down.
all 'cause I didn't check
a few IDs.
I could've lost everything.
That's my problem.
Now. if you don't mind...
(scoffs):
Oh. tough guy.
What are you gonna do.
tough guy. rough me up?
What the hell are you doing?
That's it. I'm gonna...
BOONE:
You're gonna what?
You gonna call the cops?
Like I said. your video
could save a deputy's life.
Whatever. fine. take it.
Just a bunch of thugs.
What'd you call me?
Say it again. Say it!
That's him.
It's the Blood Moon Killer.
Quiet. Turn around. turn around.
turn around. turn around.
turn around.
(gasps)
♪ ♪
MICKEY: Cassidy Campbell
was abducted at 12:21 a.m.
We believe she was taken
by the Blood Moon Killer.
Earlier in the day.
she discovered the remains
of two of his victims.
We believe that he took
Deputy Campbell...
Cassidy...
in order to stop our
investigation in its tracks.
That was a mistake.
We will make him regret it.
It's been ten hours and 58
minutes since she was taken.
Nobody sleeps
till Cassidy is home safe.
BOONE:
A blue CR-V tailed her
from the time that she left
the Blood Moon Festival.
The windows are tinted.
Look at the way the light
bounces off the license plate.
Could be photoblocking spray.
The CR-V just disappears
after it leaves her house.
It's like the killer knew
all the blind spots.
The data from the cell towers
came back.
There were no pings
after Cassidy was grabbed.
He must've ditched her SIM card.
HANK: The land where
the Deadwater victims were found
belonged to an Ed Ferguson.
He was in federal prison when
most of the girls were taken.
and that's where he died
three years ago.
Another dead end.
Call Social Services.
I want every scrap
of information
that they have
on those missing girls.
(groans)
- WOMAN: He's gonna kill me.
- (gasps)
If you're here.
he's gonna kill me.
Oh. my God.
You're Jane Yarrow.
The last girl to go missing.
"Out with the old.
in with the new."
Have you been down here
for two years?
Dana. Jessica. Maggie.
And if...
if you're here...
If you're h... here.
he's gonna...
- he's gonna kill...
- Jane.
- Breathe.
- (breathing heavily)
In for four counts.
out for four counts.
Do it with me.
(breathing deeply)
I'm a cop. Jane.
How do you know the names
of all the missing girls?
(gasps. breath trembling)
(sobbing)
(sobbing continues)
She had the biggest laugh.
Jane.
Every time. I'd wonder
how such a big sound
was coming from...
Sorry. (clears throat)
- Any word on Cassidy?
- Not yet.
Is that all of it. Stephanie?
Every girl who
passed through Social Services
between ages 18 and 26.
I knew Maisie and Zoey. too.
so if you have any questions.
You spoke to Cassidy last night.
Did she say anything?
Anything about any leads
that she was chasing down?
Yes. as a matter of fact.
She was very interested in
someone who knew Maggie Shipley.
Van Wainwright.
We ruled him out this morning.
This is very helpful.
Yeah. shutting off the stove
after the house burned down.
I should get a medal.
Stephanie. this isn't on you.
Two of these girls...
they were taken
before you even joined DSS
and...
I could've paid
better attention.
noticed they were
missing sooner.
Five of those girls
were unhoused.
four of them runaways...
Please stop.
I know you're trying
to make me feel better. but
those girls had no one.
I was supposed to keep
them safe. and I failed.
They died on my watch.
The least I can do is own it
instead of making excuses.
(footsteps departing)
CASSIDY: Nine girls.
He's done this to nine girls.
Maisie...
the girl before me...
her fingers were bloody
from scratching her name in.
I asked her why she did it.
and she said that she h-hoped
that I would never find out.
- And then. two days later.
- (grunts)
he came for her.
and now I get it.
Listen to me. Jane.
Your name will never
be on that wall.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
But how?
Tell me everything.
Everything you know about him.
- What's his name?
- I don't...
I don't know his name.
He told me to
call him Father.
- What does he look like?
- Uh.
dark hair...
kind of average height. I guess.
- I-I don't know. I...
- (lock clicking)
(door opens)
♪ ♪
(footsteps approaching)
Knees.
I know why you won't
show me your face.
The same reason why you took me.
I was getting too close.
And you want to know what
the sheriff knows about you.
Everything.
She knows everything.
Get ready for
a knock at your door.
you sick son of a bitch!
She's lying.
They... they don't
know anything.
She doesn't even know your name.
THE MAN:
Pray you never see my face.
If you do.
it'll be the last thing
you ever see.
(door closes)
(door lock clicks)
MICKEY:
I've seen this... the third eye...
I've seen this symbol
before somewhere.
Yeah. so has everyone in town.
The Festival logo.
No. that's not it.
Is Van Wainwright
still in holding?
Tell me about that symbol.
(exhales)
You're kidding. right?
You accuse me
of being a serial killer
'cause some drunk girl
couldn't keep
her hands off me. and...
(laughs): now you want my help?
- I'm not telling you jack.
- Hey.
Watch your tone.
You know what. Boone.
he's right.
Thank you. Finally.
I seem to remember your hands
around that poor girl's neck.
Maybe attempted murder
is better.
Wh-what... No. what?
That's... that's a lie.
Who's the D.A. gonna believe?
A sex offender taking advantage
of a poor. drunk girl
or the cop that brought him in?
C...
Come on.
She asked you about the eye.
VAN:
Okay. fine.
Most people think
it's some hippie nonsense.
but it's not.
It's the Eye of Judgment.
It symbolizes
being a moral arbiter.
having the right to decide
between good and evil.
Used to be on
the old county seal.
(door opens)
Oh. you're welcome!
Hey.
It is one thing
to put the squeeze on Roy
for the footage. but this...
trumping up charges...
it's not normally your style.
Nothing about
this case is normal.
This killer's been ahead of us
every step of the way.
The obscured license plates.
the tinted windows.
the-the missing cell tower data.
So. he's careful.
He knows where the traffic
cameras are gonna be. Boone.
That's not careful.
That's experience.
We've been asking ourselves.
"How could this killer
sneak his victims
out of the festival
without anyone noticing?"
when the question
we should've been asking is
"What if he didn't
sneak them out?"
What if he walked them out
and nobody thought
to question his authority?
And the answer is right here.
The Eye of Judgment.
Boone. I think we're
looking for a cop.
BOONE: We know that the
Blood Moon Killer's been active
for 20 years.
and if your theory is right...
if he's a cop or was a cop...
then he's got to be close
to retirement.
Now. on the active roster.
that leaves
Bates. Mendoza. Bosko.
Bates and Mendoza. both women.
It doesn't fit the profile.
This guy hates women.
And Bosko has a bad back.
He's been on desk duty
for years.
Not our guy.
I may have something.
The killer's obsessed
with the Blood Moon. right?
So. I called the festival.
asked if any former deputies
had worked security there
- over the years.
- Smart.
Three names came back.
One guy is 82. I doubt he's
even allowed to drive at night.
Now. the second guy
retired at 30.
but the third guy might work.
He's in his 60s
but he's in good health.
Wait. wait.
the guy who retired at 30...
was he injured or...
Ellis Monroe.
Wait. he got into an altercation
with Wainwright yesterday.
He didn't want to make
a big stink.
but Wainwright decked him.
When Cassidy and Punch and I
were talking about the killer.
Ellis was there.
Yeah. he retired. all right.
After a woman and her
teen daughter. Romy Hale.
filed a complaint.
Doesn't say why.
Track down Romy. bring her in.
Sorry.
It's okay.
I'm not mad.
I thought Jessica
was his first victim.
I never even knew about Dana.
The terror that
they must have felt.
What you lived through
the past two years.
I know getting out of here
seems impossible.
but. Jane. we have to try.
She was lucky.
Your sister.
At least she had you up there.
Nobody even noticed
that I was gone.
Is that what he told you?
Marisol Diaz.
the intake aide at the shelter.
reported you missing.
Mama D.?
She said you sang "Silent Night"
at the holiday party.
She said you had
the most beautiful voice
she'd ever heard.
No. but he...
he told me that
nobody was looking.
That no one cared.
I was looking for you.
And I can get us out of here.
But we have to trust each other.
Or we're dead.
So. who'd Ellis kill?
Why do you think
he killed somebody?
'Cause ever since that
night. I've been waiting
to get pulled
into a room like this one
and asked about Deputy Monroe.
BOONE:
Tell us what happened. Romy.
In-in your own words.
I was a junior
at Eel River High.
I wrote for the school paper.
Wanted to be the next
Katie Couric or something.
And. uh. one day.
I stayed late after school.
missed the bus
and so I started walking.
Couple blocks in.
guess who pulls up next to me?
Ellis Monroe.
Squad car and everything.
And he said
he'd give me a ride home.
and I hesitated.
Forty-minute walk in the dead
of winter. and I hesitated.
- Why?
- ROMY: Uh. gut feeling?
Survival instinct?
Whatever it was. I didn't
want to get in that car.
But I did.
Mostly 'cause his daughter was
sitting in the passenger seat.
Ellis has a daughter?
Dana.
I knew her from around.
She was sweet. so I got in.
And at first. uh.
everything was fine.
Ellis was. you know.
nice. normal.
And after a few minutes.
Ellis pulled over.
and Dana jumped out.
And. uh...
Then he got creepy.
MICKEY:
Creepy how?
What did he do?
He started asking me questions.
- Do you have a boyfriend?
- If I had a boyfriend.
ELLIS:
Have you had sex?
If we'd had sex.
And I just froze.
And then I saw...
What?
Dana's backpack.
She'd left it behind.
And it was covered
in butterflies.
Yeah. the girl was obsessed.
She had butterflies
on everything.
So. I tried
changing the subject.
asking him about Dana
and the butterflies.
You know what he said?
ELLIS: I bet everyone buys
your little innocent act.
(scoffs)
I see what you are. deep down.
No.
I know what girls
like you really need.
And that's when I realized
we were going
in the wrong direction.
We weren't going
toward my house.
(phone ringing)
And then. thank God.
my mom called.
I've never picked up
the phone faster.
I told her that Deputy Monroe
was kind enough
to give me a ride home.
BOONE: And once you said that.
Ellis had to drop you off.
And the next day. my mom came
here and filed a complaint.
And Ellis was fired or...
I don't know.
maybe he was allowed to resign.
But I always knew that someday
I'd be getting a call.
(door opens)
(door closes)
JANE:
Father?
May I use the bathroom?
Can I have some water?
Come on. I haven't had anything
to drink for hours now.
Please.
Father. can I have some water?
(grunting)
Help me!
Please. Jane!
(grunts)
- (grunts)
- Aah!
Aah! (groans)
Get in here! Now.
- (gate slams shut)
- (lock clicking)
(footsteps on stairs)
(door closes)
(lock clicks)
(sniffles. breathes heavily)
Did you get it?
You did good.
Ellis Monroe.
Sheriff's office.
We have a warrant
to search the premises.
What's this all about?
Boone. check for a basement.
The door may not be visible.
Look in the closets
and pull up any throw rugs.
- Iglesias. check the kitchen.
- Right.
ELLIS:
You know. I know my rights.
You have to show me the warrant.
Whitley. check the garage.
(stammers)
A deputy was abducted
and you think I'm a suspect?
You went to a whole lot
of bother for nothing.
Yeah. we'll see about that.
Look. I was at the festival
until just after 11:00.
Uh. then a whole crew of us
went to the Meat Up for a beer.
Run it down. Chang.
Yes. boss.
That's. uh. quite the display.
for such a short career.
Yeah. I was proud
of my time there.
You know. when I heard
there was a sheriff
who's female...
I mean. I feel like
I left just in time. huh?
You didn't leave.
You were pushed out.
Garage is clear.
I read your personnel file.
Bullying.
excessive use of force.
But you're different. right?
- That's right.
- HANK: Kitchen. clear.
Guess I'm not surprised
that you lost a deputy. then.
'Cause you don't
have the stomach to do
what needs to be done.
Career advice from rent-a-cop.
Mickey. there is a basement.
It's locked.
We're breaching it now.
ELLIS:
One of your own goes missing.
uh. you clearly have
absolutely no idea who did it.
Either your deputies
are really dumb
- or the killer is really smart.
- (banging downstairs)
I didn't say anything
about a killer.
BOONE:
We're in.
You know. it's a small town.
You hear things.
(radio crackles)
Basement's clear.
BOONE:
There's no one else here.
There's a Ford pickup in
the back. there's no blue CR-V.
What about Dana?
What?
Your daughter.
Where is she?
(scoffs)
I don't have a daughter.
Um. but-but you do.
Skye. right?
- Mickey. Mickey. Mickey.
- I'm fine.
Pretty little girl like that
invites all kinds of trouble.
Son of a bitch!
(grunts)
Where is she?!
Where's Cassidy?!
Where are you keeping her?!
Guess we're not
so different after all. huh?
- (grunts in frustration)
- Hey. hey.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Alibi checks out.
What. the alibi checks out?
Get out of my house.
It's Ellis.
It has to be Ellis.
You know what.
have Hank sit on his house.
No. his alibi
is airtight. Mickey.
- Amber saw him at the Meat Up.
- All right.
Then-then-then we'll
call in a favor with the D.A.
Have him charged with...
With... with what?
We got nothing on him.
Okay. there's got
to be something we can do.
Oh. I think you've done
plenty. Mickey.
What the hell
is that supposed to mean?
Ellis didn't kidnap Cassidy.
He couldn't have.
And you hauling off
and punching him?
How the hell
are you gonna find Cassidy
if you get yourself fired.
Mickey?
I wouldn't need to find her
if I'd done my job
in the first place.
I was sitting here blaming Fred
and every other sheriff
before me
like it was their fault.
I'm the sheriff. Boone.
Someone has been hunting girls
in my county.
and-and I missed it.
So did every cop in this office.
It's not all on you.
Cassidy is.
You heard Laurie.
She only became a cop
because of me.
Okay.
You know. I saw someone today.
a cop I hadn't seen
in a long time.
I was this close to decking
that creep at the liquor store.
and then I saw myself.
The guy I used to be.
in Oakland.
I don't even recognize
that guy now
- because of you.
- Boone...
This crap that
we've been pulling today?
No. This ain't me anymore.
Sure as hell ain't you.
I know how badly
you want to find Cassidy.
but we're not
doing it like this.
You are no good to her
like this.
Be the person she looks up to.
Who holds herself
to a higher standard.
who focuses on the evidence.
You always have
the ability to step back
and see what
everyone else misses.
That is the Mickey
Cassidy needs right now.
(door opens)
(footsteps on stairs)
(chair scraping on floor)
(box clatters)
You were telling the truth
about that sheriff.
She was onto me.
- Was?
- Yeah.
Yeah. she paid me a visit
and then left with nothing.
She has nothing.
Dana.
The only reason Romy Hale
got in the car with Ellis
was because of Dana.
His daughter. But Ellis said
he doesn't have a daughter.
He doesn't.
I checked his file.
But why would Romy lie?
So. who was Dana?
- You got a theory?
- I got a theory.
Cassidy thought that Jessica
Winters was his first victim.
But the incident with Romy
happened earlier.
So. what if he had been taking
girls even earlier than that?
You think Dana
was his first victim.
Until she became something else.
Think about it.
She helped him
lure Romy into his car.
So. what if she did that
with the other girls?
You think she was
his accomplice.
Not was. Boone.
Is.
That's why Ellis' alibi
checks out.
Because Ellis
did not kidnap Cassidy.
Dana did.
So. how do we find this Dana?
If that's even her real name.
I know a good place to start.
You remind me of your sister.
Don't talk about her.
I wanted to help her.
but she was too far gone.
Oh. poor Zoey was just broken.
Don't say her name.
I bet you're tired
of hearing it.
"Poor Zoey.
she's back in juvie."
"Poor Zoey crashed her car."
"Poor Zoey
has to have
her stomach pumped."
Every time. Mommy would
come running. wouldn't she?
Come running.
To help her. to support her.
- That's not true.
- And what did you get?
"Not now. Cassidy."
"We can't. Cassidy."
"Figure it out. Cassidy."
"You'll have to do it
on your own. Cassidy."
No wonder you hated her.
- N... That's a lie.
- You hated her
and she knew it.
No! No!
- She was tortured.
- No.
- She begged me...
- Please stop!
- Please stop.
- Leave her alone.
Zoey begged for me
to put her out of her misery.
I loved my sister!
(sobs)
MICKEY:
He's lying.
He's lying to you.
He's losing control.
and he's scared.
He doesn't want you to know
how strong you are.
You're scared.
O-of what... you?
Mickey.
Boone.
Hank.
Because you know
they'll never stop.
They're gonna keep coming back
until they catch you.
That's why you're down here
trying to make yourself
feel better.
Feel powerful.
You're scared.
I-I will show you...
what scared...
...looks like.
No. No.
No.
No. no. no. no.
No. pl-please.
Don't touch her!
(whimpering):
No. please. No.
No! (sobbing)
No. please!
(Jane whimpers)
Please. no. no!
- Leave her alone!
- (whispers): Shut up.
- Aah! No!
- Shut up.
Don't say one word.
(sobbing)
Sheriff Fox.
Is everything okay?
Sorry to bother you at home.
Stephanie.
We're chasing down a new lead
and we were wondering if we
could ask you some questions.
Of course.
Like I said. I'll do anything
to help you find those girls.
Anything at all.
Thank you. Uh. you really
didn't have to do that.
It's nothing.
I bet you two
haven't eaten all day.
Well. thank you.
Uh. the reason why we're here.
we believe whoever kidnapped
Cassidy may have an accomplice.
Someone by the name of Dana.
Did any of the girls that
went through Social Services
mention knowing
anybody by that name?
Dana?
Dana...
Sorry.
Uh. doesn't ring a bell.
How about an older friend
they may have had?
You know. someone who
knew at least
a few of the missing girls?
Someone-someone they trusted?
I mean. they all
had older friends.
Bad influences.
I tried to weigh in.
give advice. you know.
but girls like that...
You said that you would do
everything in your power
to help us find the girls.
Sheriff. I'm trying my best.
I know. um.
but you said "girls."
as in plural.
Do you think that
there may be another girl
besides Cassidy that could
potentially still be alive?
Maybe it's naive of me. but...
...I hope they're all okay.
I keep my work notes
on my laptop.
Uh. give me a second
to do a search for Dana.
Maybe one of them
did mention her.
(floorboards creaking overhead)
Boone!
(gunshot)
(grunting)
- Jane. run!
- (whimpering)
Oh! Help me. Father. help!
- Dana.
- JANE: He's gonna kill... He's gon...
he's gonna kill her!
He's gonna...
Go. go! I got her!
ELLIS:
Here's how this is gonna go.
You will put your gun
on the ground.
you will kick it towards me.
and we are gonna
walk out of here.
You're not going anywhere.
I am calling the shots here!
You will put the gun
on the ground
or I will execute her!
Okay! All right.
I'll put the gun down.
Just don't hurt her. okay?
With your left hand.
Come on. we both know the drill.
- You're supposed
to be such a great shot. - Okay.
Look.
Take it easy.
I'm putting it down.
Are you okay?
Did he hurt you?
No. I'm f-I'm fine.
Where's Jane?
- Where's Jane?
- She's okay. Boone's got her.
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay.
You found me. Mickey.
- You found me.
- I told you I would.
I told you I'd find you.
(door opens. closes)
Is he dead?
We searched the area
where we found
Jessica Winters
and Maggie Shipley.
No other bodies were found.
Where are they. Dana?
Is Father dead?
Yes.
Ellis Monroe is dead.
- Dana.
- That is not my name.
Dana was a drug addict.
A whore.
I was squatting
in some old. abandoned home.
Strung out. alone.
And one night...
he came.
I thought he would
arrest me for trespassing.
Instead...
he gave me a home.
Took responsibility
for my correction.
He saved my life.
I also had someone come
into my life when I was lost.
And she showed me
that I let a man hurt me.
Turn me into someone
that I didn't recognize.
Like Ellis did to you.
But I have to believe
that Dana is still in there.
You can't bring back Zoey
or Maggie
or Wanda or Hannah.
But you can give the people
who cared about them closure
of knowing where they are.
Dana.
Please.
MICKEY:
Thanks for straightening me out.
I'm happy
to yell at you anytime.
As long as you return the favor.
Oh. you know I'm good for it.
I'll be a better sheriff
because of this.
Because of you.
I'm lucky.
Fred didn't have a Boone.
Good night. boss.
CASSIDY:
I used to have this dream.
A phone would be ringing.
and I'd answer.
and it was a cop.
They said they found Zoey.
She was waiting at the station.
I'm never gonna get that.
No. but you got
to make that call.
when you got Marisol
to come down here.
You gave that to Jane.
And I'm so happy.
For both of 'em.
But Mickey...
...it's gonna destroy her.
I think your mom
is gonna be happy you're okay.
And what if I'm not okay?
Hey.
If you need to step away.
just take some time off. okay?
Just a little.
I promise.
- (sniffles)
- It's fine.
Take as much time as you need.
You tell me when
you're ready to come back.
(door buzzes)
Cassidy.
Ca... Cassidy.
Mama.
(engine starting)
(both laughing)
(both whooping)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org